# Named Arguments

Named arguments is one of the newly introduced features of C# 4.0

- While calling the method, whenever you supply the value based on the parameter name it is called a named argument. 
- Sometimes in realtime projects you may have methods with so many number of parameters and different types of parameters, so while calling the method you are supplying different types of values, primtitive values, non-primitive values, reference values etc. If the number of parameters increases it may become confusing for the method caller which argument value goes to which parameter. By default argument values will be assigned into the parameters based on the sequence, that is first argument value will be assigned to the first parameter, second and so on...
- But by just looking at the code it will be difficult to understand which argument will go to which parameter. This problem is solved with 'named arguments', becuase you will supply the value based on the parameter name.
- So first you write the parameter name, and then the parameter value:

**Syntax**:
calling a method
MethodName(ParameterName:value, ParameterName:value);

- So it is guaranteed that this particular value will be passed to the particular parameter. In this case the order or sequence of the parameters doesn't matter, because you supply the values based on the parameter names, rather than their sequence. So this will be useful in realtime projects whenever you have a method with a large number of parameters, and you want to improve the readability of the program. In that instance any developer should be able to read you code easily by just looking at the code he should be able to understand all the arguments and their respective parameters. 
- But it is not recommended to use the named parameters everywhere. If the method has a limited number of parameters, that is either 1 or 2. 
- A rule is that if the left hand side of the parameter is passed through a named argument, that means you are writing the parameter name then : value, all subsequent parameters must also be passed through named arguments only, they cannot be passed without named argument.
- Of course if a method has a default value it is an optional parameter, so you may or may not supply the name for the parameters that have default values.
- has no difference on the output, or on performance.
- not compulsory.

```csharp
        //call methods
        product1.CalculateTax(percentage: 9.2);
        product2.CalculateTax(7.4);
        product3.CalculateTax();
```
