# Method Overloading

Whenever you define multiple methods with the same name in the same class, but with a different set of parameters, you can call it 'Method Overloading'.

For example in the same class you define all these methods and all these methods have the same name, but the first method has no parameters, 2nd method has one int parameter, 3rd method has one string parameter, 4th method has one int and one string parameter, 5th has one string and one it, 6th has two string and one int parameters.

MethodName()
MethodName(int)
MethodName(string)
MethodName(int,string)
MethodName(string,int)
MethodName(string,string,int)

Like this you can define any number of methods with the same name in the same class, but you must maintain some difference in the method arguments. 

- The benefit is that the developer who is calling this method will have several options, he can pass various types of arguments.
- The overall benefit of Method Overload is the developer has a choice of arguments while calling the method. 
- But the rule you must follow while defining the method overloading is all the methods of method overloading must have same name but with different parameters. 
- You cannot define any two methods that have the same name in the same class with the same type of parameters. Here parameter names don't matter, only parameter types are important. 
- For example: whenever you supply two argument values in that instance the second method requiring two parameters will execute, but in case you supply only one argument value then the first method which requires only one parameter will execute.
- In this example the developer has two choices, he can supply two arguments and execute the 2nd method, or supply one parameter and execute the 1st method.
- This choice of calling the method is the benefit of method overloading.
- In this case instead of calculating the tax based on the tax field, it will caluclate hte tax based on the cost parameter that you supply.
- How it will execute is: since you supply two values, the calculateTax method htat is ready to receive two arguments will be executed, so instead of checking the cost field we are checking the cost parameter.
- In realtime projects, whenever you want to create multiple implementations of the same method based on the arguments difference then you should implement 'method overloading'.  

```csharp
//Class1.cs
    public void CalculateTax(double percentage = 4.5)
    {
        //create local variable
        double t;

        //calculate tax
        if (this.cost <= 20000)
        {
            t = cost * 10 / 100;
        }
        else
        {
            t = cost * percentage / 100;
        }
        tax = t;
    }

    //cost is supplied as argument value
    public void CalculateTax(double cost, double percentage)
    {
        //create local variable
        double t;

        //calculate tax
        if (cost <= 50000)
        {
            t = cost * 5 / 100;
        }
        else
        {
            t = cost * percentage / 100;
        }
        tax = t;
    }
```

```csharp
//Program.cs
        //call methods
        product1.CalculateTax(percentage: 9.2);
        product2.CalculateTax(7.4);
        product3.CalculateTax(10000, 3.4);

```
