# Parameter Modifiers - Default

C# supports 4 parameter modifiers:

- Default (no keyword)
- ref
- out
- in
- params

- A parameter modifier is a modifier that can be applied to the parameter of a method. 
- The parameter modififer defines how the parameter value should be received from the calling portion. That means it defines whether the parameter has to receive the value from the argument, that is from the calling portion, and also it defines whether the changes made to the parameter value effect the argument variable or not.


```csharp
// whenever you don't apply any modifier to the parameter then it is called 'default'
AccessModifier Modifier ReturnDataType MethodName(DataType Parameter1, ...)
{

}
// in this example no parameter modifier is applied, only a parameter type and name.
// Since for this parameter there is no modifier you can call it a 'default modifier'.
```

In the case default modifier, when you pass the argument value to the parameter, only the value of the argument will be passed into the parameter, but any changes made to the parameter value will not be effected to the argument. Suppose inside the method body you have assigned a value into the parameter, but the changes made to the parameter variable will not be effected into the argument variable, becuase argument variables and parameter variables are stored in their respective stacks. This means they are two independent variables that are declared in the stacks of the respective methods. That means the parameter will be stored in the stack of this method, and the argument variable will be stored int he stack of the respective method from where you are calling the method. So as for the default parameter modifier you will not apply any additional keyword while creating the parameter. In that case the changes made to parameter one will not be effected tot he argument variable. This is called default parameter modifier.


```chsarp
//Class1.cs
    public void CalculateTax(double percentage)
    {
        //the changes to this variable will not be effected to the original argument variable 'p'
        percentage = 10.45;

        //create local variable
        double t;

        //calculate tax
        if (this.cost <= 20000)
        {
            t = cost * 10 / 100;
        }
        else
        {
            t = cost * percentage / 100;
        }
        tax = t;
    }
```

```chsarp
//Program.cs
        //call methods
        product1.CalculateTax(percentage: 9.2);
        //temporary local variable.
        //We pass the value of the argument variable 'p' into the the parameter called 'percentage'
        //but any changes made to 'percentage' parameter will not be effected to the original argument variable
        double p = 7.4;
        product2.CalculateTax(7.4);
        System.Console.WriteLine("p is " + p);
        product3.CalculateTax(10000, 3.4);
```

Console = p is 7.4

10.45 value modification isn't effected into the argument variable that is 'p'. So the value of 'p' remains the same, unchanged by the parameter.

---

So this is the default parameter modififier, applied to all types of methods and all types of parameters by default, and which is mostly used in real time projects.

But in some special, rare cases you will use other parameter modifiers: ref, out, in, and params.
