# Parameter Modifiers - Ref

When you apply the ref modifier to the paramater the changes made to the parameter variable will be automatically affected in the argument variable.
- must prefix the ref keyword while calling the method also, so you must use the ref keyword twice: on the left hand side of the parameter, and on the left hand side of the argument variable.
- By default, naturally the value of the argument variable will be passed to the parameter variable.
- Suppose the argument value is 10, 10 will be passed to the parameter, and then inside the method body you can modify the value of the parameter. At the end of the method the same value will be updated back to the argument. So after the method execution is completed, the argument variable will contain the latest value of the parameter which is assigned inside the method body. For example you modify the parameter value as 20 instead of 10, the latest value of 20 will assigned into the argument variable, overiding the actual value that is 10.
- So overall the arugment value will be assigned into the parameter, and also at the end method the parameter value will be assigned into the variable, so it is two-way communication between the method caller and the method definition.
- But here the precondition is: the argument variable must be pre-initialised and it must be a variable only but not a return value. In this case if the argument variable is not initialised you will get a compile-time error saying that "use of uninitialised variable".


```csharp
//Class1.cs
    public void CalculateTax(ref double percentage)
    {
        //the changes to this variable will not be effected to the original argument variable 'p'
        percentage = 10.45;

        //create local variable
        double t;

        //calculate tax
        if (this.cost <= 20000)
        {
            t = cost * 10 / 100;
        }
        else
        {
            t = cost * percentage / 100;
        }
        tax = t;
    }
```

```csharp
//Program.cs
 //call methods
        double q = 9.2;
        product1.CalculateTax(percentage: ref q);

        //ref
        double p = 7.4;
        product2.CalculateTax(ref p);
        System.Console.WriteLine("p is " + p);
        product3.CalculateTax(10000, 3.4);

```

**Output** = 10.45 (instead of 7.4)

In realtime projects, whenever there is a parameter, but you are chaining its value conditionally, for example if condition is true you will modify the value, but if the condition is false you are not modifying the value, and the same modified value should be sent back to the calling portion, in that case you have to use the 'ref' keyword.

For example, interestRate depends on various factors, for example if the customer is a senior citizen, or ex-service man. So if any of these conditions are matching you are changing the interestRate parameter value and the same should be taken back to the method calling portion where you are calling that method. So in that case the interestRate parameter must be a ref parameter because the changes made to the parameter are required back in the calling portion.
